Job Question
Why are you out of job without have new job in hand
i quit the job due to personal reasons...wanted to spend some time with my family

tell us about your self

what is your skill set.
what was your roles and responsbility in your last project

what challanging task did you perform recently.

how did you manage your team

how did your manage conflict in your team

if a resource is not able to perform how would you handle it

if your project is going to miss deadline...how would you handle it

if your boss ask to include a critical feature at last moment in release how would you handle it

------------------------------------------------------------

How can you tell when a project is not working up to its potential?

Example: "At my previous job, there was a project that was moving slower than expected. I started by supervising the tasks of each team member and found out that there were additional tasks that were unforeseen in the initial strategy. Finding out about these additional tasks early was essential to fixing them so the project could be completed on time. I believe that having a strong strategy from the beginning with clear communication from all team members is important, and keeping track of time and budgets throughout the project is critical to a successful project.

Example: "Every team I've managed would describe me as prepared. Whatever happened during a project, I always had a solution or a process that I could use to manage every situation effectively. There are always unknowns in projects, and I believe that being prepared for anything has been my best quality as a technical project manager."

----------------------------------------------------------
What is the biggest mistake that you have ever made on a project?

Example: "My biggest mistake was a few years ago when I failed to keep track of a team member's progress on their project task. Their final output was essential to the success of the project, and because I didn't check in on the work enough, the entire team was left doing the work of one team member in the final hours of the project deadline. Since then, I make sure to always check in on my team members to ensure that the project is moving forward at the rate it needs to be."
------------------------------------
How do you delegate tasks among a team?

Example: "Every person has unique qualities and skills, and understanding how each individual makes up an entire team is essential in technical project management. While I believe every team member should be doing a generally equal amount of work, I also understand that some people have different skills than others. I would delegate more difficult tasks to those who could manage them. Team members who work hard would be rewarded and recognized to inspire the rest of the team to strengthen their weaknesses and progress their skills"

------------------------------------------
Confronting performance problems

If employees don’t have clear targets and goals in place, it can be easy to fall short of what is expected.

Clearly communicate targets and outline expected results to each of your team members. This way, if any results are falling short, you’re able to tackle the problem head-on by comparing expectations to actual performance.

----------------------------------------------
Managing conflicts within your team

When a conflict between team members arises, it's important that you fully understand the issue before you take any action. A conflict over an area of work can be healthy and can actually lead to more innovative thinking and solutions – but it’s your job to nurture the conflict into a productive direction.

When a conflict between colleagues is personal, you should step in before it begins to affect the working relationship and the rest of the team.

One way to navigate conflict is to remind your team of your company’s culture and values. When your company values are built around trust, respect and positivity, and you hire for these values, personal conflicts based on personality should be minimised.

Communicating these expectations from the start will make the type of behaviour you expect and will tolerate clear during the recruitment process. This means there’s little room for deviation in the workplace.

If a conflict does arise, conduct a fair and frank discussion. By being there as a voice of reason, employees may quickly be able to come to a resolution.


-------------------------------
Retaining star employees in a competitive environment

Today, skills are becoming more and more specialised, so if you have a talented employee, you’ll want to do your utmost to keep them. But if you’re not offering your employees what they’re worth, someone else will.

A challenge as a manager today is ensuring that your talented staff are supported, learning new skills, have a clear path of progression and are happy in their role.

A further challenge comes as remote working continues to rise, employees are no longer limited to roles by location – so you’ll have to work even harder to retain your star e23.mployees.

How to overcome this:

Make sure your employees know how much you care and appreciate them. Paying your employees what they’re worth is always a priority, but you can expand on the offering through regular rewards and recognition or exciting benefits and perks.

-------------------------------------------

Most challanging project you worked in past

Scope creep
Lack of communication. ...
Lack of clear goals and success criteria. ...
Budgeting issues. ...
Inadequate skills of team members. ...
Inadequate risk management. ...
Lack of accountability.



-----------------------

what common tasks as manager you perform in your team - like planning, rota etc

--------------------------

Have you ever had a project that did not meet the deadline or budget?
0
Example: “I was working on a project with a client, and they wanted to add a certain feature to their custom software that would put them over the allocated time. As the project manager, I needed to decide whether we should add this feature and miss our deadline or spend less time on another part of the project.
./. vcbx cc
I met with my team to understand how much time it would take to add the feature. Once I had a very thorough answer for the client, I presented them with the options. They decided that they0 would accept a
7]=k;./.oooh6yuyhhnhvbccxxccdf  3300later deadline for the feature. We ended up delivering the finished product a month later than the original deadline, but the client was happy with the mvoutcome.”;hhm ; i op m/0246
